== scripty2: for a more delicious web

scripty2 is an open source JavaScript framework for advanced HTML-based user interfaces. Or simply put, scripty2 helps you build a more delicious web:

* Visual effects: scripty2's heartpiece is an versatile real-time effects framework
* CSS utilities

And there's more coming! scripty2 is currently in alpha status, so APIs can change and
there's still a lot more functionality planned.

scripty2 is a complete rewrite and reimplementation of script.aculo.us, with
are modular structure intended to ease the development of highly customized
user interface effects and behaviours.

= Build

For building, development and testing, you need to have a working Ruby setup. 
You'll need the bluecloth, treetop and coderay gems installed.

To build the distribution, run:

  rake && rake package

This will build the documentation (in /doc) and provides ready-to-deploy JavaScript
packages in /dist.

The build process uses the YUI Compressor to build a minified version of the library
file. This requires Java to be installed and available.

After the build process is done, you'll find two files in /dist:

* s2.js (for debugging)
* s2.min.js (minified version for production use)

At the moment this is a prerelease alpha version and not meant for 
production use (although it is used with great success on several high
volume websites).

= Usage

scripty2 is dependent on the Prototype JavaScript framework. You'll need to grab
the latest version from http://prototypejs.org/.

Put prototype.js and s2.js in a folder of your website, and include them as follows:

  <script src="/javascripts/prototype.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  <script src="/javascripts/s2.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

You're ready to go! Now look at the documentation and demos (see below!).

= Documentation

To build the documentation, run:

  rake doc

The documentation is built with PDoc, which uses specially formatted
source code comments to build a fully interactive HTML documentation set.

Navigate a browser to /doc/index.html to view and browse the documentation.

= Tests

To run the unit tests, use:

  rake test

You can run specific tests, or use only specific browsers:

  rake test BROWSERS=safari TESTS=css,heartbeat
  
= License

scripty2 is is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, see the included MIT-LICENSE file.